update: about class properties (#140)
typescript-cheatsheets/react-typescript-cheatsheet: README.md

  }
}
```

> Notice, if your TypeScript version before 2.7, you can declare property like `pointer: number`, but in 2.7 and later, you should declare it like `pointer?: number` or `pointer!: number`, because start with Typescript version 2.7, there is a new tsconfig option of **strictPropertyInitialization**, it will checks to esure each instance property of a class gets initialized, look at the [details](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/release-notes/typescript-2-7.html). Search quickly with keywords: **Strict Class Initialization**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice, if your TypeScript version before 2.7, you can declare property like `pointer: number`, but in 2.7 and later, you should declare it like `pointer?: number` or `pointer!: number`, because starting with Typescript version 2.7, there is a new tsconfig option called **strictPropertyInitialization**, which will check to ensure each instance property of a class gets initialized. For more information, refer to the [release notes](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/release-notes/typescript-2-7.html#strict-class-initialization).
```

Reviewer: I fixed a few typos and changed the wording to make it more clear

Reviewer: @c690554125 Let me know when this is ready for re-review
